Hi.
Good afternoon.
So my name is Ben Nielsen.
I work on iOS applications,
applications and frameworks.
I'd like to welcome you to session 307.
We're building great Newsstand apps.
Yeah, so Newsstand has had a lot
of success this last year.
And I'd really like to just first off
thank you all for all of the hard work
that you've done to really make some
great content and bring it to iOS,
and really make it an
enjoyable experience for users.
So what are we going to talk about today?
Well, to clarify the purpose,
we're not actually covering any new API.
What we're going to be talking
about is a lot of best practices,
possible pitfalls.
There are a couple of behavioral
changes in the system to work out some
issues that you've told us you've had.
But mostly we're going to be
talking about issues that your
peers have had and what they and us,
what we have done to help with that.
So we're going to approach this from
three very different standpoints.
The first is we're going to talk about
it from kind of a business standpoint.
When we're making our Newsstand apps,
what are the things we need to consider
to make a really great Newsstand app?
And then after we talk about that,
we're going to approach it from more
of an operations logistics standpoint,
especially talking about iTunes
Connect and all of the things
you need to set up there.
And then finally we're going to
approach it from a Newsstand kit and
other related APIs perspective and
some of the issues we've seen there.
So with that,
I'd like to invite Carl Good up
here to tell us what it takes
to make a great Newsstand app.
Thanks, Ben.
So since Newsstand launched,
I've had the privilege
of working with many,
many publishers worldwide to help
them bring their content to Newsstand.
And during this time,
I think I've learned some key
elements that really contribute
to making a great Newsstand app,
and some that also have
the opposite effect.
So I'd like to share some
of these with you today,
and I call these elements
of great Newsstand apps.
So first up, Retina Display.
Text and graphics have never
looked so crisp and clear as they
do today on a Retina Display.
If you have a Newsstand app that is
live in the App Store that doesn't
yet support the Retina Display or has
optimized content for Retina Display,
you're doing a disservice to your users.
Your users are disadvantaged
and I would really urge you to
support Retina as soon as you can.
Great Newsstand Apps package
high resolution assets to
support the Retina Display.
Downloading content in the background.
So another fantastic feature of
Newsstand is the ability for you as
a publisher to push content in the
background to your Newsstand application.
This provides a fantastic
user experience.
From the user's perspective,
they can go into your application
and the moment they go in,
there's content ready for
them there to consume.
But think for a moment.
What if you haven't yet
implemented background downloads
as a feature in your application?
Think of the user experience that
that user is going to have if,
for instance, they're on the tube.
Sorry, subway.
Or if they got on a plane.
And they go to your application,
they open it up, and they look for some
content to consume.
And there's nothing there.
What do you think they will think of you
as a developer or you as a publisher?
I actually think they're going
to be pretty disappointed.
Great Newsstand apps.
Download new issues in the background.
And I would urge you all to
implement this functionality.
Another key thing for you to think
about is offering potential subscribers
the opportunity to experience
the content in your publication.
And again, the key word here is
potential subscribers.
And I don't just mean
showing them the cover.
I don't just mean giving them
one or two pages of content,
but giving them something substantial
that they can consume that will help
take them on the journey to make
that subscription decision and sign
up to subscribe to your content.
Free trial periods are a fantastic piece
of functionality that exists in our
platform and offer you as a developer and
a publisher the ability to offer a free
period of subscription of your choosing.
It's under your control
to potential subscribers.
And from the potential
subscribers' perspective,
this is also a great experience for them.
They get to try out some of that
content with no price or risk to them.
Great Newsstand Apps offer free
trial period to subscribers.
Also think about how you deliver
your content to your consumer.
The reader of your application
doesn't want to be forced to consume
content in the way you want them to.
They're used to consuming content in the
way that they like to consume content.
So a key thing for you to
consider is not just forcing
portrait mode or landscape mode.
Great news stand up support both
portrait and landscape orientations.
Accessibility.
Everybody forgets about accessibility.
And actually you're forgetting about
a huge potential new audience to
your content who aren't accessing
it because they can't and you
haven't made it available to them.
Think about some of the cool
iOS technologies we have.
Things like voiceover that
really can help bring that
content to that new audience.
The ability to dictate out loud
using voiceover text content
within your application is a
phenomenal opportunity for you.
Also think about some of the other
things that users have become
used to using in applications.
Things like the dictionary,
the ability to look up a word
and understand its context,
the way in which it's being used.
These are system features and
services that are available to
you to use in your news stand up.
And we would urge you to do so.
Great news stand apps are
accessible and make the most of iOS
technologies and system services.
Subscription terms.
This is something too where
I see developers get it wrong.
And they offer very complex solutions.
Complex subscription terms that are
difficult for the user to understand what
exactly it is that they're signing up to.
Think about making very clear,
concise and to the point
subscription terms that are easy
for that user to understand.
Great Newsstand apps offer
clear subscription terms.
Again,
think about those subscription offers.
Don't confuse and bamboozle
the user with a myriad of
different subscription packages.
Make it relevant to them.
Think of one or two,
maybe a few different subscription
packages that work with the
business model that you have
for your Newsstand application.
It's important that the user really
understands the value of that
subscription and they feel as though
they're getting their money's worth for
the product that they're subscribing to.
Great Newsstand apps are simple,
reasonably priced subscription options.
Don't bloat your application.
This is something people
get wrong all the time.
They push as much content as they
can into the Newsstand application.
Think also about video.
If you've got a lot of video
content in your application,
make sure you optimize it.
Better still,
if you can stream some of it online,
stream it online versus bundling.
Think about using system fonts.
Don't include extra fonts
and baggage in your Newsstand
edition if you don't need to.
Think about images too.
Make sure you compress them,
but be careful when you compress.
Also think about quality,
and there's a fine line between
compression and the quality that
you want within your application.
Great Newsstand apps are not bloated.
Also think about the experience that the
user has when they're navigating through
the content in your digital publication.
A common problem with a lot of digital
publications today is giving the user
a sense of perspective in terms of
where they are in the application.
Where have they been?
Where are they now?
And where can they go to?
If you think about the print world,
they've addressed this for hundreds of
years using things like page numbers or
perhaps highlighting a particular segment
or section in a magazine or paper.
Now, we're not specifically asking you to
replicate these types of features,
but just to be cognizant of the fact
that your user is navigating through a
lot of content that it's not always easy
for them to find out where they are.
Perhaps think of a visual cue or even
an audible cue that will help them
navigate through that content and
again understand where they've been,
where they are, and where they can go to.
Great Newsstand apps telegraph a
sense of place in a publication.
And finally,
many Newsstand apps offer what
we call evergreen content.
Now, evergreen content is content that
isn't just consumed once by that user,
but it's something they want
to go back and reference.
So think, for instance,
maybe a food magazine with a recipe,
something that user is going to
want to go back to and refer to,
perhaps to cook a meal in the future.
Maybe it's a men's health magazine.
Some sports routine that you
wish to go back and repeat.
Think of ways that you can help
the consumer bookmark that content,
create reference points that they can
come back to and easily find the content.
Even think about clipping the content,
letting the user take that content
and put it into another application.
Great Newsstand apps give users the
ability to clip or bookmark content.
So I'm going to hand
you over to Aubrey Ness,
and I think as Ben mentioned,
Aubrey's going to talk about
iTunes Connect and some
best practices in this area.
I think we're going to talk about
some best practices in terms of
managing your Newsstand content
once it's uploaded to iTunes.
Aubrey.
Hi, everyone.
Thanks, Karl.
So now that you've learned a little bit
about how to build a great Newsstand app,
let's talk about what you do in iTunes
Connect to get it onto the App Store.
I'm going to cover four areas.
First,
we're going to talk about the setup.
So exactly what you need to
do in iTunes Connect to get
everything set up correctly,
set up your subscription and then
your subsequent issues for Newsstand.
Then I'm going to walk
through some automation.
We know that your time
is important to you.
We want to give you as many
tips as we can to help automate
and save you some time.
Then you're ready to go.
You're ready to submit.
So I'm going to cover a
little bit about submission.
And then how does this all impact
the app store at the end of the day?
Customers are what
you're looking to gain.
So we want to make sure you understand
everything you set up in iTunes Connect,
how it ultimately shows
up on the app store.
So let's talk about setup.
Now,
I've been working on iTunes Connect since
the launch of the App Store.
And one of the number one
questions we get about
subscriptions are what is a family?
What does this mean when I set
this up in iTunes Connect?
So the best way to describe the
family is it's the best way to stay
organized for your subscription.
As you know,
as a Newsstand app developer,
you have to have at least one
auto-renewable subscription
or free subscription to
be eligible for Newsstand.
So you're setting these
up in iTunes Connect.
You want to stay organized.
I'm just going to walk you through a
little bit of an example to highlight
how this works and how this ultimately
ends up to show up for the customer.
So I have my app.
And I'm going to highlight
Bon Appetit magazine.
And I want to set up a subscription
family for Bon Appetit.
I want to offer different durations
of subscriptions for my Newsstand app.
So I'm going to go ahead and
name it Bon Appetit Subscription.
From there,
I've set up two different durations
for my auto-renewable subscription.
One month and one year.
This means that my customers can
subscribe to a one-month offering of
Bon Appetit or a one-year offering.
Now, let's say I want to add
a six-month duration.
Well, I'm just going to add it to
the same family because all of
the same content for your app
should live within one family.
It's actually very rare to
have two families for one app.
And I'll show you why.
It's going to look like this.
You can see Aubrey's Magazine.
This is when I duplicated
a family in iTunes Connect.
Makes it a little bit confusing.
Which one do I click on?
Which one do I subscribe to?
So we want to make sure you avoid
that based on how you set this up.
Now,
just to walk through managing your in-app
purchases and setting up a subscription,
click on Manage In-App Purchases.
You can see I've just learned I should
probably use an existing family.
This is Bon Appetit magazine.
So I'm going to choose to add my
in-app purchase to the existing
family because I want to set up that
six-month duration we just talked about.
So you can see my existing
one month and one year here.
And I go ahead and add my language.
And I fill everything out.
Fill out my price, set up my product ID,
everything I want for
that six-month duration,
all part of the same family.
Ultimately going to result in the
best experience for your customer.
We've seen the common pitfall
of setting up multiple families,
so we really wanted to drive
this one home today for you.
So now I've set up my subscription.
That's not the end of it.
We want you to set up issues.
And this is really the
spirit of Newsstand.
It's an opportunity to showcase
metadata for your different issues
on the store to your customer.
It keeps it interesting.
It keeps it fresh.
One of the first things
you're going to need to do,
if you're distributing on the App Store,
you're probably familiar with this page.
It's actually your version
details page of your app.
And for Vogue magazine,
I need to set up my default cover art.
And the reason why this is important
is because we always need some
sort of art to fall back on on
the App Store in case you don't
have a current issue that's active.
Default cover art is really important
to have a very generic kind of feel.
And that's because you have individual
issue art that you're also adding that's
more specific to that exact issue.
The default cover art is
going to represent your brand.
As you can see here with Vogue magazine,
we just have a nice picture.
There's no specific wording.
and just to highlight some great
examples of default cover art,
House and Garden does a good job
here with their standard cover art.
Very basic and generic compared to
their issue art which is exactly very
specific to the issue they want to offer.
GQ also does a great job at this.
Very generic picture of a celebrity.
Not sure who that guy is
actually at the moment.
Michael Fassbender, new issue.
Got all of the specific
information for that issue.
Before we walk through
how to set this up,
I want to emphasize to you we're
going to be making a change soon
where we are requiring 1024 high
res icon art for your issues.
So we want to make sure the next
time you're in iTunes Connect,
go ahead and update
those to the high res.
We want to support our new iPad users
and the 1024 art looks great on the iPad.
So we are going to be
requiring that very soon.
So let's walk through
how to set up an issue.
Click on my Newsstand icon.
You can see that I have all issues that
are currently set up for Vogue magazine.
I want to go ahead and add an issue,
so I'm going to click that.
I'm going to walk through each step here.
Publish date is going to be the
date that the issue first shows up
on the app store to your customers.
The end date is optional because you can
run an issue for as long as you want.
You don't necessarily
need to put one in there.
If you do,
it will end on that date and it will
actually go back to your default cover
art or will start your next issue.
Issue ID, very important to Newsstand
kit for your coding,
so you got to make sure this is
right when you set this up so
you can call to that correctly.
Your summary, it's exactly that.
What's the summary of the specific issue?
So what are your customers
going to be getting?
What are they going to see on the store?
How are you going to get them
to subscribe to that issue?
And then the individual issue art,
very specific to what
is inside that issue.
So now I'm all set up,
and you can see I have a nice
little active button here.
So we want to show you that
this current issue is actually
the one that's on the store.
Anything that's not active will actually
go into a previous issues button,
and you can check it out later
if you want to catalog that.
So you might be thinking that that's kind
of a lot of steps to create every issue.
So how can we automate?
One of the great things about
Newsstand is we offer you an
Atom feed for issue management.
It allows you to host your
web content for your issues,
all of your art and your metadata,
set up a feed with us,
and you can actually
just prepare in advance.
We have a technical specification
of all the XML on iTunes
Connect for your download.
And you're going to enter
this information here.
We'll validate that the URL is active.
and you're good to go.
And just stepping back
to that issue I set up,
all of these individual steps,
Over and over and over.
Don't need to worry about
that with the Atom feed.
You can see my Spin magazine.
I've set up all my issues in advance.
Even if they change or
the content changes,
you can update that.
It's great.
We actually pull in the issues every
24 hours so you can keep it updated.
So you've set up your issues,
you've set up your subscriptions,
and now you're all ready to submit.
Well, the good news about Newsstand is
that you can update all the issue
metadata at any time in iTunes Connect,
we're not requiring a new
binary for every upload,
it's something that we're making
it flexible for you because we
understand that things change,
and we find that with Newsstand
developers they tend to be
updating their content a lot more
than a lot of other developers.
But the one thing we need to
remember here is that once
you're live in Newsstand,
you're always in Newsstand.
We don't mean this to be scary.
It's really just to keep you
motivated that once your app is live
in the springboard in Newsstand,
it's the best experience for
your customer to have you
remain in that springboard.
You can imagine if you wake up
in the morning and you're going
to read your magazine and it's
gone out of your springboard.
So we want to make sure that
the customers are going to know
exactly where your content is,
and that's the reason behind this.
Thank you.
Now, how does this all
relate to the App Store?
So another great benefit of Newsstand,
and this is really
exclusive to Newsstand,
is your coverage that you're going to
gain on the App Store as a Newsstand app.
And this works because your
primary category you're setting up,
just like you would any other app,
it's your choice, relevant to the content
of your publication.
But then what we do is we assign
Newsstand as a secondary category.
So what this does is it allows you to
show up in multiple places on the store.
We also introduced Newsstand
subcategories very recently,
so you can further subcategorize
what your Newsstand app is.
And this, again,
will get you two times the coverage.
It's pretty amazing because you can
actually chart in both the Newsstand
section of the App Store and,
let's say, the lifestyle section.
It's a great benefit for
Newsstand developers,
and we really want you to
take advantage of that.
And going back again to
my Vogue issue we set up,
this is exactly how
I entered in iTunes Connect.
It's one-to-one.
Everything you type in and save is going
to show up exactly on the App Store.
So just to run a little bit of a
comparison between normal subscriptions,
so maybe you're using subscription
now but you're not using Newsstand,
and then Newsstand subscriptions.
Karl talked a little bit about background
downloading and how great that is,
one of the great features of Newsstand.
We now introduce the Atom feed.
We introduced individual issue metadata,
an opportunity to showcase up-to-date
information about your issues.
And then custom cover art,
beautiful art variations you can have
if you have a newspaper or a magazine.
We offer all of these different
customized cover art options for you.
Well, let's take a look at
background downloading.
Not currently available for
regular subscriptions that
are not using Newsstand.
However, it's available for
Newsstand subscriptions.
The Atom feed, also available currently
only to Newsstand apps.
Individual issue metadata,
not something that we offer
for regular subscriptions.
Newsstand subscriptions definitely can.
And customized cover art,
not available for regular subscriptions.
Starting to see a pattern here.
Newsstand and subscriptions
really are better together.
If you have a periodical and
you are not using Newsstand,
you definitely should be.
It's going to get you leaps ahead
of other developers on the store.
And just to summarize best practices,
go ahead and automate
using the Atom feed.
Once in Newsstand, always in Newsstand.
And double your app store coverage.
Let us do that for you.
Take advantage of it with Newsstand.
And with that,
I'd like to bring up Ben Nielsen again to
talk about Newsstand KIPP best practices.
Thank you.
Thanks.
All right,
so we've had a little of the business,
business ideas that go
into making Newsstand apps,
a little more of the logistics.
Now let's get down into some of the API.
Specifically, Newsstand Kit and the
APIs that are related to it.
So in this section, we're going to cover
three different aspects.
The first one's going to
be push notifications.
Everything starts with
a push notification.
This is how the app knows that
there's new content available.
So this is one of the
most important parts.
Or rather,
this is really where it all starts.
And so it's really
important because of that.
But then we're going to talk
about background downloadings.
And background downloading is
really the heart of Newsstand.
As both Karl and Aubrey mentioned,
this is what sets you apart from
any other app on the App Store.
[Transcript missing]
So let's see how this works.
To go back to our example here,
the first one is when you sent and
that's kind of when you target.
So the next two markers, the green ones,
depict when you would expect to
be sending the next two days.
So you couldn't actually send that
time and you sent a little late on one
day and a little early on the next.
Well, in iOS 5, this wouldn't work well,
right?
You'd throttle that third day.
But in iOS 6,
you're just fine because you're
no more than four hours before
or after your regular time,
your target time.
But it's interesting because these are,
in fact, only 16 hours apart and,
in fact, happen on the same logical day.
That's just fine.
As long as you can
keep this idea in mind,
your push will get through.
So that's one benefit with
iOS 6 to help with this issue.
But it is important to realize
that this still averages out to be
one Newsstand push notification.
So that's one benefit with
iOS 6 to help with this issue.
But we also, in 5.1,
we encountered a situation where we
realized maybe we need to adjust what
actually triggers the start and the
end times of these throttling windows.
So in iOS 5.1,
it was actually triggered by the receive
time of the push on the device itself.
This was a little problematic because
what happens when the device was off,
right, or when it was out of range?
Well, let's go back to my handy
little timeline here.
So let's say on the first white dot,
you actually sent and it was received on
the device and everything worked great.
The second one, you sent right on time.
Everything was great,
but the device was off.
And they turned it back on
a couple of hours later and
they got the notification,
you know, downloaded the content,
everything's great there, but, well,
we've got the same problem we did before.
You know, that third day got throttled
when it was on and it could
have gotten that notification,
but it thought that it was too recent.
So, again,
this ends up throttling the next day.
But it's actually a little bit
worse than the first problem.
It's worse because the throttling
window varies very widely on
all these different devices.
You send on time, you thought,
but you weren't sure when
they were going to get it.
And any particular device
could be very different.
So this makes debugging a real headache.
So in iOS 6 we wanted
to address this as well.
So what we do is we're actually
recording the time stamp that
the push notification service had
when it got your notification.
And we send that down along with
the notification to the device
and the device can use that
for its throttling decisions.
So hopefully this will make it consistent
across all of your users' devices
and it's going to get rid of the
intermittent connectivity problem because
it doesn't matter when they get it,
it matters when you sent it.
This should make it very consistent.
You should know when you sent it
that everything's going to work fine.
Okay, so let's,
those are some of the changes that
we made to make push throttling
work a little bit better for you.
Let's talk about some of the
pitfalls that you've run into.
The first is to remember that
the push notification service is
not a store and forward service.
It will store the last notification
if the device is not reachable,
but only the last one.
This means that it's easy to
stomp a content notification with
some other type of notification.
So what's the rationale behind this?
Well, some people have thought, well,
I don't know if the notification
is going to get throttled,
the push notification,
the Newsstand notification
is going to get throttled.
So I'm going to send that and
then I'm going to immediately
turn around and send another one.
And this is going to have an alert
to let the user know that new
content should be downloading.
The problem is you just
throttled yourself.
That device wasn't immediately reachable.
Now they're not going to get it.
They're just going to get the alert.
So the solution is there's no
reason you can't combine the two.
You can mark your push notification
with the content available
keyword that lets us know that
it's a Newsstand notification.
But you can also include
the other alert keywords.
And what will happen,
that push notification comes in.
We see it's a Newsstand notification.
We say, do we need to throttle this?
If we say no,
we're going to launch your app,
deliver you the notification,
and it's not going to be
processed by any other subsystem.
But you will, since your app is running,
have access to any of the normal APIs to
interact with the user if you need to.
But what becomes interesting
is if it does decide it has
to throttle that notification,
it's going to route it
to Notification Center.
And Notification Center is going to
roll a banner or pop a modal alert
or play a sound or badge the icon.
Any of the normal things that
Notification Center does,
it will do with that notification.
So this can be a really elegant way of
solving this problem if you find you need
to interact with the user more directly.
But like I said,
most of that I think you'll
find won't be necessary with the
other changes that we've made.
So, other pitfalls.
You really need to adopt
Newsstand completely.
It's really designed to work
well as a cohesive unit.
So what do I mean by this?
Well, there are kind of two
things you need to do.
You need to support multitasking.
To get a content notification
in the background or to
do background downloading,
you need to tell us that you support
those types of functionalities.
And you do that by adding the Newsstand
content key to your UI background
modes array in your Info.plist.
This enables both of
those functionalities.
But there's a second piece that,
you know,
this first piece most of you get.
But the second piece we've
seen some confusion over.
And that's you really need to register
for the push notification type.
Even if you don't actually
use push notifications,
and I'll explain why.
But to do this, it's really easy.
In your application to finish launching,
you just register for remote types.
It's just an API call.
And you pass in this type.
Bit wise or with any of the
other types that you use.
Why is this so important?
Well,
background downloads are only helpful
if you can actually kick them off,
right?
Otherwise, there's no real point to them.
But more than that,
the user needs a way of
telling the application,
you know, I actually, I don't know,
I've got data concerns,
I've got something, I don't want you to
download in the background.
That's a valid thing for
them to be able to say.
And so the push notification type
is actually what we key off of to
know if you're allowed to do that.
To give the user that choice.
Which means if you don't
register for that type,
your background downloading
is automatically turned off.
So it's a good idea to do this.
But to clarify what this means,
the background downloading facility,
the APIs that do the
background downloading,
they are still available even
if the user turns it off.
You can use them just fine.
But what it means is that
when your app is not running,
you won't be downloading.
But while your app is from most,
you'll get full access to all of the
the NSURail connection resources.
Okay.
So,
Just two other quick points before
we move on to background downloading.
That is debugging.
We have gotten a lot of questions about,
how do I know if my push
notification got to the device?
Some simple solution that's not
foolproof but it works fairly well,
is you can just correlate a unique
identifier with that push notification,
send it down in your
payload to the device,
and then when your app
gets the push notification,
you can just ping that back to the
server as well as with information on
whether or not the push type was enabled.
You can see how quickly the
devices respond to this,
people have them off at certain times,
or if they just turned off
your downloading facility,
your push notification
facility completely.
This can give you an idea of how well
this is working for you and what your
customers are thinking about this.
Also, don't forget,
there is a -- there is a user default
that you set in your app that will
allow -- that will turn off the push
throttling for your developer devices
so you can practice as much as you
want and really perfect things.
It's kind of long,
so I'll just point you to it here,
but you just set --
using NS user default,
set Boolean true or yes
for key to that key,
and then that will turn off
the throttling for your app.
Okay, so now let's switch over
to background downloads.
And again, to reiterate,
the key is just do it.
This is an important part of Newsstand.
This is really the power of
what Newsstand brings you
and brings to your users.
But possible pitfalls regarding this
is you have to realize that not all
NSURL connections are created equal,
even though that's the
facility that we use,
it's not the normal run of the mill one.
For example,
you can get an NSURL connection
object that will start up
an Internet connection,
download or network connection,
download whatever content there
is using NSURL connection,
connection with request.
However, this is very,
very different than NKS at download,
download with delegate.
Even though they look very similar,
the first one is completely in process.
It's your app running it.
Your app has to be alive and kicking.
The run loop has to be turning
in order for this one to work.
Whereas the second one is really
just a thin wrapper into the system.
We really gave you a hook into
the system's downloading facility.
And so even when your app stops,
it terminates, it does whatever,
we keep downloading it.
So they're not the same thing.
So you really need to be
using the Newsstand Kit API to
do background downloading.
And as I said,
this isn't just background downloading.
It works for, you know,
even when background
downloading is turned off,
it will still download
while your app is alive.
So there's really no loss to
functionality by using NKS at
download over an NSURL connection,
as opposed to NSURL connection.
But like I said,
don't forget to register the push
type since this gates that facility.
Okay.
When thinking about
background downloading,
it's really important to
remember that you need to make
your content easy to deliver.
If you've got 18,000 HTML files
and images and CSS files or
PDFs or whatever they may be,
if you've got lots and
lots and lots of them,
this can be pretty problematic.
Because the more connections
that you have that you fire off,
the more room there is for error and
the more room there is for delay.
It can add a significant
overhead to the system.
And the intermittent nature of
the cellular connectivity and
device coming and going and all
that can really make this much,
much worse.
So we suggest you keep
the file count low.
And that is we keep the file count
low while you're transmitting it.
Package it up, zip it up, do whatever,
make some type of archive for your
transmission and then unpackage it and
put it wherever and put it in the proper
location once it gets onto the device.
This can really give you a nice,
performance boost,
especially if there are a lot of,
if the system is under heavy load and
a lot of new stand kit apps working.
Okay, so let's talk about the
Newsstand repository.
With iOS 5.0,
we introduced with Newsstand
Kit a managed repository
for all of your content.
Now, this is a really big deal because
it's not getting backed up.
And this is a very, very good thing.
And we're going to talk
about this more in a second.
But the idea is that you should put all
the content for your issues in the issue
location specified in the repository.
So you can download them
with the Newsstand Kit API.
That's going to take and download
them to a temporary location.
You can take, unpackage them,
and then move them all into
this particular location.
And you're going to find this is going
to give you a really good user experience
for a bunch of different reasons.
But let's talk about the first one.
You know, why is it good for it
not to be backed up?
Well, say you put it in some other place,
like the documents directory,
that backs up to iCloud.
And more than that,
it's not just that it backs up to iCloud,
but it's also that it's a very
good way to back up your issues.
It's always there.
Which means it can take
up a lot of room on disk.
It's really easy to fill up a user's
partition with lots and lots of issues.
And it doesn't ever go away.
And then, of course,
when that backs up to iCloud,
you've completely overrun
their iCloud backup space.
And now the user isn't
very happy with you.
So it's not a good idea to put it
in one of these types of locations.
More than that,
it can significantly increase the
time it takes to back up that data.
And it can significantly increase the
amount of bandwidth to back that up.
So if they hit backup because they're
about to swap phones somewhere,
you know, for whatever reason,
they're on a cell connection,
you could cause them to completely
eat up through their data allotment.
So this isn't a very good idea either.
And, of course,
all of that does have a battery cost.
Hopefully, they're plugged in.
But if they're not plugged in,
you just cost them a lot of time,
a lot of battery.
So it's a good idea to follow
the iOS data storage guidelines.
You can find them on developer.apple.com.
Keep in mind this is something
that AppReview is looking at,
so if you're a big offender here,
they just may not approve your app.
So important thing to remember.
So talking about disk space.
So what's the solution?
Letting Newsstand manage the
repository for you allows the system
to free up space when the user
wants to download another issue,
a newer issue.
Or when the user wants to take a picture,
you know,
or the user wants to download a new app.
Whatever they're wanting to do,
they expect that to work.
And this allows NewsstandKit to help
keep the user happy in that regard.
And you can help us do a better job of
this by giving us certain information.
You can tell us what issue is the
most important to your user so that
we can prioritize this over others.
You can also,
by supplying the date parameter,
this allows us to see what
are the most important issues.
What are they most likely
going to be wanting?
Therefore,
we can do a smart job of trying to
keep these things for you so that
you don't have to manage it and,
most importantly,
the user doesn't have to manage it.
Because, like we said,
bandwidth and cloud storage are not free.
Should they run into a problem,
they can see that your app
is causing an issue for them.
They're going to see that in settings.
And then if you make them
go and manage it themselves,
the most likely outcome is they're going
to be able to manage it themselves.
The most likely outcome
is they're going to be,
"It's not worth it.
Delete." Which is just the worst
experience for everybody involved.
So we really don't want that.
But, of course, if these issues can be
evicted from the system,
users are going to want to be able
to go back and see whatever issues
that they've previously purchased.
So you should allow them to
re-download that content.
You really should think
of this as a cache.
Think of this as a cache,
an on-device cache.
and really those are the main
points for Newsstand Kit.
So in summary, remember,
don't stop your push notifications.
Use NK asset download to do all
of your background downloading and
really do background downloading.
This is a great feature.
Package things up for an efficient
transfer and keep your files in the
repository so we can make the best user
experience possible so that they are more
happy with your app so that they don't
have to manually go in and manage things.
Okay, and that's really it for
Newsstand Kit best practices.
We have Paul Marcos is our
app services evangelist.
He'd love to hear from you if you have
problems or if you've got some feedback.
We'd love to hear that.
There's some really good documentation
up on developer.apple.com and I'd like
to single out the Atom feed again.
Really great resource for automation
to make your lives much simpler.
The data storage guidelines, of course.
We have some sessions,
some past and some upcoming that
you'll probably be interested in.
Some iTunes store accessibility,
of course.
Also, Aubrey will be delivering an
iTunes Connect for app developers
session immediately after this one
if you want to follow her on over.
And subscriptions.
And with that,
I'd like to thank you all for coming.
It's been a pleasure.
Thank you.